Vscode Vertx Starter blog post (#311)
vert-x3/vertx-web-site: src/site/blog/posts/releases/2019-05-27-vscode-vertx-starter.md

---
title: VS Code Vertx Starter Extension
date: 2019-05-27
template: post.html
author: danielpetisme
draft: true
---

> > If Visual Studio Code is on the hype, Vert.x is on the edge!

Reviewer: I'm not convinced this is needed.

> We are really excited to announce the [Visual Studio Code Vert.x Starter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=danielpetisme.vscode-vertx-starter) extension.

Reviewer: Can you reword to explain who you are and this is a community contrib?

> ![Screenshot](https://github.com/danielpetisme/vscode-vertx-starter/raw/master/images/vscode-vertx-starter.gif)

Reviewer: Do you have the capture in video format? A link to a Youtube/Vimeo/... video would be preferable to loading a ~16M gif.

> Visual Studio Code is the living representation of Microsoft cultural shift. It's a well appreciate Text Editor/IDE and thanks to the extension developement's simplicity more and more actors are proposing new features.

Reviewer: Can you rephrase the first sentence. It's enough to say it's popular, I think.

> [Visual Studio Code Vert.x Starter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=danielpetisme.vscode-vertx-starter) permits your to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Visual Studio Code Vert.x Starter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=danielpetisme.vscode-vertx-starter) allows your to:
```

- Create a Vert.x project

> - Customize the creation (Vert.x version, language, build tool, groupId, artifactId, package name, JDK version)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Customize the creation (Vert.x version, language, build tool, `groupId`, `artifactId`, package name, JDK version)
```

- Search for dependencies

> The extension can be configured to match your context (E.g. defining your default company groupId).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension can be configured to match your context (e.g. defining your default company `groupId`).
```

> Behind the scene, the extension simply relies on the Vert.x application generator [start.vertx.io](https://start.vertx.io) API and demonstrate how easy it is to develop your own IDE plugin or custom tooling to generate Vert.x projects. Further information on [Vert.x Starter GitHub project](https://github.com/vert-x3/vertx-starter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Behind the scene, the extension relies on the Vert.x application generator API and demonstrate how easy it is to develop your own IDE plugin or custom tooling to generate Vert.x projects. 

For further details about the [start.vertx.io](https://start.vertx.io) API, please refer to the [Vert.x Starter project on GitHub](https://github.com/vert-x3/vertx-starter).
```

> We would love to have your feeback on our user or dev [channels](https://vertx.io/community).

Reviewer: Can you point to the extension repo instead?

---
title: VS Code Vert.x Starter Extension
date: 2019-05-27
template: post.html
author: danielpetisme
draft: true
---

Hi Vert.x community! Today, we are really excited to announce the [Visual Studio Code Vert.x Starter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=danielpetisme.vscode-vertx-starter) extension.

The extension is a community contribution made by [Daniel Petisme (@danielpetisme)](https://twitter.com/danielpetisme).

> <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/R3ZbQ_5Jf4M" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: Have you checked the result locally?

Reviewer: I mean does the video shows up correctly on the web page?

Author: I checked with:
https://jbt.github.io/markdown-editor/
Looks good, do you know another way to test it ?
